the ingredients to make a cake treat demanded Normans
a nice goal
brown sugar and butter
in a type 2 pan container that we can place both in the game as
in the oven we put brown sugar and butter
we let the whole caramelize in the fire
While
we prepare percent lemon peels cut in the thin julienne
and so we'll put it in a 50% syrup with brown sugar for
that caramelize sharpness speak afterwards as an ornament
here we have the fleet already cut
and the sheet of puff pastry that we will use to cover the cake
we will cut it some dimensions percent removed higher than the container that
we are using
we will keep the puff pastry we will listen to the rest
fundamentally to this puff pastry is to echo in balaídos a fork about
holes
pd so that in the oven does not rise too much
the whole surface will be punctured with the fork
We are arranging the pieces of fruit on the sugar candy and
Butter
the entire surface of the pan or container that we are using
will continue to soak in that candy
once we have accommodated all the fruit
penner we will arrange to place the sheet of puff pastry on top
without taking off the paper we help each other with our hands around the
way that will have fed all the fruit
Once the cake is shaped in the same container, what we do is take it to the
oven
8 twelve minutes of ovens at 200 degrees will be enough anyway there are
that observing this is the result
and what we have to do now is as if potato hatch was treated in
turn it around helped with a plate
and the result that we will have then was this
and these lemon citrus bark heights in this case
so with the syrup that we use to give it a certain acid taste and garnish
the cake
it is convenient this takes to eat hot or warm
and here we have it accompanied by a bar soternes
that nothing is wrong
Health